https://foss.aueb.gr/rss/rss.xml                       code aueb libre
http://masterex.github.com/archive.rss                 code aueb
http://www.spinellis.gr/blog/dds-blog-rss.xml          code aueb
http://ewontfix.com/feed.rss                           code c posix musl
http://gustedt.wordpress.com/feed/                     code c c++ posix
http://gustedt.wordpress.com/comments/feed/            code c c++ posix comments
http://blog.feabhas.com/feed/rss2/                     code c c++ rtos embedded
http://feeds.feedburner.com/1024cores                  code
http://feeds.wordaligned.org/wordaligned               code
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror               code
http://code-o-matic.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default   code
http://stevehanov.ca/blog/index.php?atom               code
http://feeds.feedburner.com/alexbowe                   code
http://un.ix.io/xml                                    code
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/ninlabs                   code
http://commandcenter.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default  code
http://countercomplex.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default code demoscene
http://blogs.oracle.com/ksplice/feed/entries/rss       code
http://re-factor.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default      code factor
http://planet.factorcode.org/feed.xml                  code factor
http://strangelyconsistent.org/blog/feed.atom          code
http://scientopia.org/blogs/goodmath/feed/             math
http://prog21.dadgum.com/atom.xml                      code social
http://thoughtcrime.org/blog/rss.xml                   code security social
http://sock-raw.org/rss.xml                            code security
http://www.void.gr/kargig/blog/feed/                   code security
http://2p0wn.pointlimit.com/?feed=rss2                 code security
http://blog.g0tmi1k.com/feeds/posts/default            code security
http://simurai.com/rss                                 code web

http://feeds.feedburner.com/P2pFoundation              social libre
http://bloggr.p2pfoundation.net/feed/                  social libre
http://dln.gr/feed/                                    social libre
http://dln.gr/comments/feed/                           social libre comments
http://www.techiechan.com/?feed=rss2                   social economics
http://www.techiechan.com/?feed=comments-rss2          social economics comments
http://asunartisies.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default   social thoughts

http://feeds.feedburner.com/FacesInPlaces              comic
http://feed.dilbert.com/dilbert/daily_strip            comic
http://xkcd.com/atom.xml                               comic
http://abstrusegoose.com/atomfeed.xml                  comic
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SpikedMath                 comic
http://www.exocomics.com/feed                          comic
http://www.rsspect.com/rss/qwantz.xml                  comic
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Explosm                    comic
http://www.rsspect.com/rss/asw.xml                     comic
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/thedoghousediaries/feed   comic
http://somethingofthatilk.com/rss/index.php            comic
http://feeds.feedburner.com/buttersafe                 comic
http://feeds.feedburner.com/oatmealfeed                comic
http://www.doghatesme.com/dog-hates-me/atom.xml        comic
http://explodingdog.com/explodingdog-pictures.xml      comic
http://explodingdog.tumblr.com/rss                     comic

