
[default]
allow_cookie= CC
allow_session_cookie= CS
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
bookmark= M
bookmarks= gb
buffers= gt
close_tab= d
command_mode= :
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
download_set_execute=Control x
entry_confirm=Control g
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
entry_escape=Control c
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
execute_javascript= 
execute_userscript= eu
find_backward= ?
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next= J
focus_prev= K
focus_tab= T
fullscreen= @F11@
hints= f
hints_clipboard= ;y
hints_download= ;d
hints_editable= ;e
hints_images= ;i
hints_images_tab= ;I
hints_links= ;;
hints_primary= ;Y
hints_rapid= ;r
hints_rapid_win= ;R
hints_tab= F
hints_url= ;o
hints_url_tab= ;O
hints_win= wf
history_back= H
history_forward= L
insert_mode= i
load_html= 
load_html_tab= 
lock_domain= xd
lock_uri= xu
new_tab= V
new_win= W
only= co
open= o
open_editor=Control e
open_url= go
paste= PP
paste_primary= pp
presentation_mode= @F12@
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
proxy=Control p
quickmark= b
quit=Control q
reload= r
reload_bypass_cache= R
reload_scripts= 
save= sf
save_named_session= gZZ
save_quickmark= m
save_search_field= gs
save_session= ZZ
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_down= j
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_right= l
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
set= 
set_key= sk
set_setting= ss
show_keys= Sk
show_settings= Ss
start_page=Control h
stop_loading=Control s
tab_bookmarks= gB
tab_hist_back= th
tab_hist_forward= tl
tab_new= ga
tab_paste= pP
tab_paste_primary= Pp
tab_quickmark= B
tabopen= O
tabopen_url= gO
toggle_bars= xx
toggle_hidden_files= g.
toggle_plugins_host= ph
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= pth
toggle_plugins_uri= pu
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= ptu
toggle_scripts_host= tsh
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= tth
toggle_scripts_uri= tsu
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= ttu
toggle_setting= 
toggle_statusbar= xb
toggle_tabbar= xt
undo= u
view_source= gf
visible= xv
web_inspector= wi
win_bookmarks= wB
win_hist_back= wh
win_hist_forward= wl
win_paste= wP
win_paste_primary= wp
win_quickmark= wb
winopen= wo
winopen_url= wO
yank= yY
yank_primary= yy
yank_title= yT
yank_title_primary= yt
zoom= =
zoom_in= +
zoom_out= -
tab_move_right= gr
tab_move_left= gl
tab_move= gm
reload_userscripts= 
dwb_custom_keys_area=]:exja (function(){var e=document.querySelector("[rel='next']");if(e){location=e.href;}else{var f=document.getElementsByTagName("a");var i=f.length;while((e=f[--i])){if(e.text.search(/(\b(next|more|newer)\b|^(>|>>|»|→)$|^(>|>>|»|→)|(>|>>|»|→)$)/i)>-1){location=e.href; break;}}}})();

